---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome!"
date:   2020-03-10 18:55:38 -0500
description: "A warm and welcoming introduction post! Discusses the purpose of this blog, the material to expect, and the framework the blog is built on."
categories: welcome introduction
---

Welcome to my website!

This website will feature a variety of content, primarily curated and focused on my interests:

* Computer Science and Programming
* Cognitive Science (particular emphasis on Neuroscience, Psychology, and Linguistics)
* Books, Literature, and Writing

Of course I don't imagine the content will strictly be restricted to the above -- I do however imagine that the above will compose the vast majority of what I produce. My interests align heavily towards the cognitive sciences, my background is in computing, and I have a passion for the consumption and production of creative writing. 

I would also point out that the website is quite lightweight and minimalist. The website is built in [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com), a Ruby framework for creating static websites. I will reserve a later post to elaborate on this choice -- but suffice to say, I have a preference for lightweight websites and an aversion to needlessly complicated ones.

This website is a living-portfolio of sorts, for whatever I create. My intention and hope is it will serve as motivation for me to write and create more frequently, now that anything I produce can find a home here.

Regardless of how you arrived here, I hope you find things of interest, and I also hope you will join me wherever this website will take me.

-- Sam :)